oh my goodness there's still 58 days
until sparking Zero's out well at least
that means there's still plenty of time
for party games and in today's video we
are playing one of the all-time great
stick fights and not only that but my
friends Ryme and sirx have never even
played this game before so we'll be
getting to see their first time reaction
to everything and that means I have a
leg up in the competition so I I'm
perfectly happy with this all right
match one do you guys know how to play
all right we're going if you die you die
oh [__] watch out that's rocket
launchers bro rocket there you got a PIN
to the wall hey you the crown the crown
give that sword bro hey give me that
sword bro what's this gun how I sticky
oh little sticky gun yeah little sticky
gun kill me all right so I'm yellow Ryme
you're red Dion's blue all right now
that we all know that come hereon you
know what we haven't done in a while
jump for all the dumb it's a shield it's
a shield it's a shield and I'm I'm dead
bro why you swinging at me bro oh that's
me what are you talking
about Dam what dam I'm to the move set
your ass flying B hey bro who wants to
fight hey I was laid out I got a pistol
back up oh I died you don't have the
pistol I have the pistol get get get get
I'm mad I was over here pretending to be
dead this dumb ass beat me up
anyway oh I got the Blinky what you guys
playing a little bigger than mine he get
off me help help me not me not
me come down here you're going to have
to land at point py I will he's got a
D damn bro stabbed me with himself bro
got impale I bet they don't even see me
he did not just stand right there by the
way the snake gun the snakes what
happened so y'all ever play or just me
yeah get crushed hey hey you know what
these are rocket launchers [__] get
sent away [__] almighty push D bro had
a gun and still lost hey bro that's cuz
I was trying to be
thematic oh I'm
onard stay back back you fi I said stay
back I'm I'm going to stand there yeah
we just fell don't say yeah we just I'm
I'm not I'm the one with the experience
in this game and I keep messing up oh no
way y'all ever seen Deadpool
Wolverine Come on B it's Uzi time yeah
Uzi time GG B GG Bobby you can't just
say B yeah let's jum let's jump his ass
why am I getting jumped cuz everything
you do bro what's this
I won again jump his ass I again jump
his ass hey what you laughing out over
there yeah ow oh no no no we got to we
no he's a threat he's a threat with that
I I I put up a wall of blocks don't do
it didn't put that up was
there sweet dreams oh don't yeah you sp
[__] you [__] Dion help
Dion no what the H why you didn't
deserve that I just hung out bro you
just didn't do [__] you know what it's
Dion's Ass N yeah hold him down hold him
down r r hold him down let me get a good
die already sorry Ryan there was only
ever room for one of us Jesus Christ run
relax you're tearing apart
the idiot I still W cuz you with great
power comes great responsibility bro
ouch oh I died I died I'm just lying you
know what this is flying
snake my snake was I can already tell
that flying snake is going to be broken
got weap what the
[__] oh Parry Parry Dam what you
parrying bro I was trying to Parry the
bullets but I missed dude what the hell
perhaps did you get dude Parry Parry
Perry
why
damn perhaps hey Di jump this guy [__]
yeah jump jump his ass [__] get the gun
d get the gun not him D anybody a what
anybody
it spell Victorious oh a sword no why
didn't I get the sword oh I [__] died
again oh no I'm stuck [__] sorry
guys it was an obstacle course look at
me doing Pates hey Ry you're pretty good
at the game but it doesn't involve
looking at the stage bro I feel like the
stage oh my God damn what's crazy is I'm
still alive
snakes
snakes Snak what I still was that a tie
I still W oh I know this stage which
tells me you guys aren't going to be
ready for this oh you survived what
about this damn you guys are pretty good
at the game just naturally wait shut the
[__]
up damn got the ball [__] I don't like
this [__] come here I got what you
laughing at bro I thought that was the
safe place I didn't know it was going
back up oh no I know this stage too we
get it you're a
bet bro I we we need we need map
knowledge yeah bro that's why we're
going to do every map like twice got
cheating I'm not cheating high up I'm
too high up do I die if I'm too high up
cuz I think I'm too high up what
happened I don't know I'm I'm still I'm
that whole time I'm trying I'm trying I
don't have a gun I haven't got any good
gun no I'm shoot you Deon shoot him Dam
it's like the final SE of
Tarzan Clayton what
Clayton
no you trash come on man got us playing
as dumb [__] who you call me who you
call trash [__]
you oh [__] he's going to shoot
me oh is that a 50 cal 360 no scope
[__] I'm I'm going say my no scope that
whatever I'm beating your ass come here
dog n [__] you [__] why we always spawn
next to each other don't spawn next to
me if you don't want your ass beat box
oh it's like crash
SP bro I'm [__] rping over here get
off me dog I said get off me bro Dion
he's being very rude to me Dion going I
have to stab you about it is that the
flying snake inator I come on sword
throw why do you know that name
he just made that up thank you Dion for
seeing my true I went with the dof a
pistol they say the pistol's mightier
than the AK damn it there we go there we
go bro guns are so op the snake Andor ah
y'all ever go to Wendy s of mesus
flame I think I died yep I am I am
[__] snake food no he's still alive
there go no scope his ass
yeah bro was actually walking around
like me that snake was his best friend
if I hit you with one of these Dion
you're cooked oh look at you the
gravity's working against you now oh
look at you both gravity working against
shut up I know you shut the [__] up you
shut the [__] up you shut the [__] up I
ice i i that's what I thought you don't
want hands with me you better a gun
don't let him I'll throw hands bro I
I'll let
him you promise what you can't handle a
gun freeze gun freeze gun freeze gun
freeze gun freeze
gun yeah ice to meet you [__] he said
that him part of you animals yeah he
does that I have one ice joke we're
talking about the guy who also uses his
thumbnails come on bro oh the Snak
flying why did I not beat it who won did
you just get go oh oh I know what this
gun is it's the great void anyway enjoy
that fellas what the [__] yeah you hear
that you hear how there's no funny music
now you hear it's it's all just a matter
of time until we all become with the
great
Singularity I hate that he plays it what
are you play this with oh Bro Look At Me
standed up you saw the way my character
was stand stuff like I knew you guys who
do you play this with is a better
question uh I play this with oh those
are bombs I didn't know they were going
to blow
up tube oh [__] this stage is very
limited this stage is very limited we're
running out of
space what space draw I died to recoil
I'm sorry what why you say it like that
recoil no Dion won that one duh I know I
fell to my death I've been winning most
of these shut
up freeze
you're still Lally fire
[Music]
freeze I know look at
why cheeks oh there's spikes on the wall
spikes on the wall spikes on the wall
Uzi time Uzi time baby reference to
Deadpool and Wolverine if you've seen it
shut up all right oh watch out watch out
watch out a from that yeah bro it's a
giant SM Dam
it you're supposed to both die to the
chain look up why am i p like that go
snakes I don't like this I don't like
this go snakes damn the snake [__]
pushed me into the spike there we go no
yes I still won let's go how did I die I
clutched up and shot you I'm getting Ho
Hey nobody shoot the chains can we all
agree can we all agree if we shoot the
chains we're all going to die all right
you didn't listen yeah it was fat
forehead over there who decided I shoot
a damn what did I say I'm not the one
that said idiots one one1 yeah let's go
one one1 oh Big Chain fan huh big lots
of chains here huh little chain together
huh oh I
a one oh bro we're going we're going to
get we're going to get an update here in
a little bit on who oh you guys should
hide you guys should you should hide oh
stay out of my hole stay out no let me
get in the
hole damn I folded myself up like a
pretzel bro musket shut up [__] got
musket back off back off oh wo wo wo wo
wo ow ow ow wow wo
wo shot me in the air oh God damn it if
you get a gun shoot the chains bro shoot
our chain just end it oh never mind I
won don't do that D shoot our chains bro
shoot our chains I fell off I still won
how did you I'm M ry's character was
frozen like an ' 80s movie yeah here bro
got scared he has a gun got a gun up
there hey bro I'm
hiding yeah woo they'll say yeah you did
nothing well going to make a name of
myself that as hell so you also saw dead
he hasn't seen it he hasn't seen it wao
wao wao wao wao I'm just putting some
distance between no no no stay back no
stay back don't make me destroy more of
the stage what yeah so if you guys don't
know ice can be yeah ice can be
destroyed yeah damn B
[__] Dam did you away did he snipe me
in between that bro of course I saw
it he got him wait fight me fight me
fight me coward fight me coward fight me
coward bro I don't like the destructible
Maps bro just fly away bro oh no no
there's too many rockets on me they're
trying to take me
away Jee go through I knew it was
distractable but I thought it took a hit
first oh my God damn what happened to
this day all I need is my hands yeah
shut up [__] [__]
ass Arrow
out over here nobody come up here bro
I'm I'm just
chilling oh brother what we learn what
we learn the you made him win you let
him
win godam [__] you [__] de if you got a
gun just shoot our ice bro just end it
for
us I'm
alive bang O A shoty hey fight him like
a real man bro you can have you can have
you can have you can have that one
don't you throw hands with me laser oh
God no no
way oh winter 14 winter 14 freeze for
the guy he's got a gun he's got a gun
bro all right I'm trying to get to him
I'm dead just just don't move don't move
if you move I'll no
oh
pistols everybody
freeze oh
[__] yeah damn it I was trying to play D
from
thereon Crush himself yeah yes I
did oh the ice gun very fitting
damn yeah I got hands bro you doing
spins on me oh no he can he can move
that oh what
the why did why you it [__] me for I
don't know man hey I'm going to I'm
going to toss this watch I'm this is
going to be so
cool oh how did you not die rocket
launcher rocket oh [__] operation snake
yes get him my child yes yes eat him
alive oh [__] [__] how did I die why
sure you like look look at me Frozen
yeah oh snake shotgun love this
Gunn I'm
tired they're beating
yes all right new level new me bro oh
guns spawned already God damn bro what
hello some of these guns you don't even
have a chance to respond bro watch watch
me Parry
[Music]
this that stor tro a how is he still
alive how did you weasel your way
through that block I I have no idea I
saw that too yes oh [__] I need
cover this is the last of us with the
cover that
bro I'm trying to like Gears of War Peak
this the
Excalibur I wield the lightsaber I think
we need we need to team up here only you
remain I'm wait there's a gun up there
do you know ah so you decide to go in
the
laser let me in the windmill yeah [__]
yeah yeah get in there damn it know I
was on to something I'm all tucked up oh
[__] oh no the sticky gun just spawned
in that's my favorite weapon and that
this sticky gun ouch oh you guys are all
dead
no I'm not sure what happened to di but
got [__] dumb ass was just knocked all
the Bombs over to me Parry Parry Parry
how do you parry I don't know right
trigger making [__] up I'm mad this dumb
ass who plays this game he not telling
us I do all this [__] I don't play
controller it's whatever the whatever a
shield pops up in front of you that's
when you know you're parrying oh [__]
he's got a snake gun oh don't get my pet
I haven't gotten a gun once this whole
match snakes was you shut up no the
snake
snake I'm kicking my feet
screaming ooh bro my recoil killed me
that's so em bro I hate how light we are
why you come out and fight me like a
real man this is [__] Dino IRL using
a gun what what damn I just got an
achievement for winning on every level I
guess I'm pretty good at the game are
you alive
Y how a do you just does it auto aim you
got point the gun
ah guess I could try to like sneak a
bullet out here oh i k i got killed by
the [__] shrapnel of that [__] on my
screen you died ass up can you come free
so I can get out there and fight you dog
on my screen too I don't think there's
much Divergence I guess I guess I could
try to sneak a bullet
out
ow
ow come free me bro coward come here oh
yeah he was tired of me he meant
it
yeah get a gun first I didn't know you
meant that [__] bro come here oh I I
knocked his teeth out I know he's weak I
know he's One Tap I know you're is that
a flamethrower Jesus
what damn I know you're dead
now that's some [__] I'm hiding in
the bush I'm hiding in the bush like a
look at me bro I'm like I'm like a
critter of
[Music]
the bro like a creature in your backyard
you took me out bro oh a present no
that's my gift from Santa bro yeah back
up yeah Fly Away bro
soed ooh more presents what's this Santa
got me a
revolver normal Florida gift I was going
to say this is how Christmas Works in
Florida oh [__] oh yeah you're stuck do
you want some snakes do you want some
snakes how about some
snakes damn you started k i SS iing ging
with that snake huh shut up bro you guys
were stuck at a little don't I know it
would be funny if you if you did it back
to me please I need a shotgun right now
or I die yeah how I'm the only one on
the screen you have L RZ and no Aura
SpongeBob that's why Sandy doesn't see
you as a man
damn
[__] I recoiled myself off the goddamn
platform shotgun
technique just let's go
what it looked un was that shoo with gun
the black hole gun I got to get there
fast
Mario oh [__] I can't use this some
things are definitely harder on West bro
don't bro don't bro please I just want
the
black you're going
to you [__] idiot you were Clos eyes
that was my fault you chased me in there
[__] idiot would you blame the rat or
the Predator that chase them into the
tar bro I to protect the Earth or become
the rat that chases them into the t i to
protect the Earth or get shot by my m
A4 why do you know your gun so well I'm
just I played a lot of Counter Strike
this week and also I probably wrong just
hold on Ed showl
just and then you died to a [__]
Spike too dummy look ass
up oh my fck The Recoil there you go
there you go snake him snake him no yeah
let's go how many levels shot your ass
bro we're just we're just going bro
we're just going to go you're dead bro
you're dead give up bro give up all fine
if you would have just G you didn't even
let me get back on my feet it's
Halloween bro you guys ever play theall
stes that's not a pass oh it's about to
get real spooky in here
oh why did he do that the gear five
Luffy POS you see
that Tai move right there oh oh oh you
guys don't even know what this means
whoever gets the whoever gets that going
to be a very happy guy whoever oh no
he's a boss fight he's boss fight fight
back D we're on a team now don't let him
yeah he thinks he's in bro he thinks
he's in what do I do what do I do what
do I do you just die to us bro how about
you just die to us hey D what you team I
thought it was an option you face shoot
him down shoot him down no no you're not
D fight back freeze be what my wings I
was playing dead
[__] you would have just put one in the
back of my head I would have been
pissed oh my God he doesn't see you
oh
what why do you sprint for the gun like
a looney tun scary T oh it looks like
it's Halloween up oh boss fight time
boss fight time looks like this time
it's going to be him again no help me DI
just maneuver use use the cover how do I
attack you you're doing it you're
attacking
right damage help me help
me
yeah I beat redon this is nothing I
mean ooh this looks like another boss
fight stage mayhaps great now we're both
dead now we're both dead yeah yeah yeah
look where hate got us thanks fellas
shut up [__] I'll beat your ass hey bro
how how would you beat my ass when I'm
the boss don't let him get it again for
all the no no yes no
yes I'll start with you di on my former
team ow ow ow ow ow ow ow Dodge this R
God damn this boss sucks yes work
together as hard as you might but you'll
never overcome my famous technique you
dead you're already dead but how are you
not dead finished him what how look at
that you he was almost dead let's go bro
I'm I know I did all the work hey do you
guys need some oh snake pistol snakes
avenge me snakes just know that I love
life my legs it spawn on my legs no my
own snakes no yes
Freedom oh Dam hey bro we're coming up
on the uh I wait what the hell kind of
gun is is that what the [__] Ricochet oh
what the hell Ricochet this all right
I'm definitely going to die all right I
am dead all right bro I guess you're the
king of the Ricochet guns
congratulations oh D Dance Dance dude
it's a [__] Dance Floor bro you can't
respect that dance dance dude shut up
shut up oh I died before the boss fight
even [__] boss fight where the hell
did he take that [__] sniper out of
best of three starting right now best of
three starting right now first actually
first of three whoever gets three wins
first does it not keep track back of our
score it does but I don't know how to
get to that
stage oh yeah looks like I'm getting my
first win huh don't let him win oh
[__] all right that's one for me sh all
right let me get one let me get one on
the board right here no no my w we're
all dead yes how did don't ask me how
bro I don't know yeah you're the only
one without a win bro you need you need
this oh you're starting to sweat huh
you're start you got jump in jump in
anytime nice he dropped the ice gun
shoot him the snake got to take care of
business bro don't don't oh no Long Live
shut up the king shut up why are you
still alive snake shotgun my famous move
snake
snake whatever all right everyone has
one yeah everybody got one it's going to
be a match of who
[__] no
why you got a win yes yes got him I got
two just have cuz all right R you know
what we got to do shut up [__] ah beat
your ass without
a oh
let me my gun let me get my equal chance
two one two I'm going to take out the
only guy that's a threat to my game
right now yeah I know you I know you
swear what you smiling for you hey wo
whoo whoa yeah yeah R please R please
everybody gets two everybody gets
two anyway GG God damn it hey y'all F
fight for a second fight for a second my
gun do my guns have Nerf pets what what
happened I'll fight for a second right
now
boom standing right there yeah it looks
like that's it oh yeah you want to set a
little come here let's set a little
classic style just me and you [__] hey
Dion feel free to jump in
[Music]
bro Bang